
TLN: Heya guys, Reigokai here!
We are finally on a new arc and this one has a really ominous name: The Moon of the Final Chapter and Conclusion of Asora.
Sounds a lot like this will be the last arc? Anyways, the anime is now over and S2 has officially been announced just right on time with this new arc.
I am really glad to see a lot of new faces, and the comments everyone makes reminds me of the times when I began my translations. It has now been a whopping 6 years since then.
Who would have thought I would be staying around for so long? And it is all thanks to the amazing support of you guys, the patreons, the comments, and you have also literally saved me a couple of times too.
Really, thank you. I want to let you guys all know that me still being here was in no small part thanks to you all.
Anyways, let’s enter this new arc then.
Enjoy!
——–
I waved my hand and saw off the guys who were heading off to the Golden Highway.
They could just return by teleporting. Just why did it end up with them wanting to walk in order to feel the vastness of the world? 
It was natural that even Shiki, who likes looking after people, refused to accompany them with a smile on his face. 
…Well, I am sure they will get on the teleport circle of the next city they arrive at. 
“I give them until the next city.” (Makoto)
“Don’t think they will last till the second.” (Shiki)
“…Can’t make a bet like that.” (Lime)
“Even if they have gotten a bit of a dense experience here and got high from it, they should be calming down after walking for half a day.” (Makoto)
Shiki and Lime by my side were having a conversation that completely agreed with me. 
After walking for around half a day, they will regret their own decision, but it would look uncool if they were to return here, so they will do their best until the next city, and get on the teleport circle there. 
Yeah, that’s what I would do too! 
“Then, Waka-sama, I will return to Rotsgard a step faster than them and receive them there. I have received reports that they have been doing well there, but there’s no assurance that no problems will occur if there’s no executives in the area.” (Shiki)
“Yeah, thanks. Staying too much in Asora is one thing, but there’s the need for a bit of respite, okay? Keep the goings to Goutetsu moderate too.” (Makoto)
It depends on the lineup of things you eat, but the recent goings of Shiki to Goutetsu have completely become like junk food. 
Stuff like the raw cream nabe and mayonnaise nabe, making those his staple daily diet is most likely bad. 
“By the way, Jin was strangely on edge.” (Makoto)
“Aah, true. Since the time he was brought around by the boss Root, he has been acting weird.” (Lime)
“If anything, I would say the change of tune of Jin occurs every time he meets Sofia though… Hmm.” (Shiki)
“I don’t think even Root would go as far as putting a hand on Jin, but can you see after him just in case, Shiki?” (Makoto)
“Understood.” (Shiki)
I don’t think the current Sofia and Jin will be able to progress their relationship.
Even so, I don’t think Root would try any sexual approach on Jin. 
Well, it seems everyone passed their last day in their own way they liked. It is not like ‘that’ is the root of every single thing, huh. 
He does have a variety of past crimes, but making him into the biggest suspect of anything that happens does make me feel bad. 
“…So, what brings you here?” (Makoto)
Me, Shiki, and Lime were looking at the same place. 
The two of them didn’t say anything, so I was the one who opened it up, but they have been watching us since a while now. 
Even when seeing off the students, they were still looking at us, so their objective must be us. 
The shadow that existed naturally on the building swelled abnormally, and then left the figure of a person, and scattered away. 
Is that dark elemental magic? 
“Excuse me. I am not hostile.” 
“Who may you be…?” (Makoto)
If she were hostile, we would have already dealt with her a long while ago. If I remember correctly, she is…
“If it ain’t Risui. Even though lady Sif was here, why were you hiding?” (Lime)
Risui…
Ah! 
The teacher of Sif’s magic had that name, I believe. 
I remembered her face soon, but I certainly wasn’t clear on her name. 
The other day, we really didn’t talk that much, and we also didn’t say our names.
But it is a bit weird if she was here to see Sif off while hidden.
She had already left, and there’s no need to direct her attention to us, right? 
“Did you have some business with us?” (Makoto)
“…Hey, Raidou-dono, I wanted to talk with you for a bit.” (Risui)
Risui glanced at Shiki for a moment and then soon switched her gaze here.
“? Yeah, I don’t mind.” (Makoto)
She is an acquaintance of Sif, and a demon that stays all the time at the base. 
It wouldn’t be a bad idea to learn what kind of person she is. 
“Thanks. Since I have already asked, I would like to ask for one more thing. Raidou-dono, can we please talk one on one?” (Risui)
“…Hoh?” (Makoto)
“Oi oi, Risui, that’s not a really good joke you made there.” (Lime)
One on one, huh.
So she is basically saying Shiki and Lime are not trustworthy.
Even though she should know Lime a lot longer than me by a lot. I don’t understand what this is about. 
“Risui-san, you should be closer to Lime than me and there should be more trust there, right? And yet, you are proposing a one on one talk with only me?” (Raidou)
“…Can’t be too cautious. This is a talk that involves the heroes and the demons, and both heroes apparently have charm powers that are hard to go against. As you say, I trust Lime, but there’s no absolutes. But you are a different story. I myself am confident that there’s no abnormal status spell or skill that can affect you.” (Risui)
“!” 
Heroes and demons. 
Risui-san is a demon, but she is staying at a wasteland base. If I remember correctly, at a place called Rinkawa. 
I don’t think she would get important information faster than us, but…I am interested in what she is going to be telling me. 
It seems like Lime has an idea of what she is going to be saying, he was making a bitter face.
Did something happen on his side? 
“…I see. By the way, is that the same reason why you are making Shiki leave too?” (Makoto)
“…I am older than I look, you see. There’s rarely any demon who would trust Larva with any fiber of their being.” (Risui)
So she straight out said Larva, huh.
That’s nostalgic. That’s the past name of Shiki.
I look at my side, and Shiki is making a troubled face at the name that reminds him of his past. 
By the way, Risui-san looks like she is seriously scared here.
I am not aware of all the acts Shiki has done as Larva, but I know that he didn’t discriminate between demons or hyumans when it came to the things he did.
Hmm…
“Okay, got it. Then, you two, let’s separate here. Let’s see each other again at the company.” (Makoto)
“Is that okay?” (Shiki)
“I won’t be listening, but at least stay on standby somewhere close…” (Lime)
“No, I will talk with Risui-san alone.” (Makoto)
“Understood.” (Shiki)
“…”
Shiki obediently stood back, and Lime lowered his head reluctantly.
“Then, let’s talk while walking around randomly. I will be in charge of making sure our talk doesn’t leak to the surroundings.” (Makoto)
It is not like being indoors will make it safe. 
If it is just to create an environment where others can’t listen, I can do so just fine even while we are standing around and talking. 
“…You are skilled. I thought you would be using a more powerful and rough spell.” (Risui)
“If this is enough for you, go ahead. If you are going to be requesting something, depending on the request, I might not be able to comply though.” (Makoto)
It is not like I am fine with anything. 
She may have looked after Sif, but the words heroes and demons have shown up after all.
“I am not good with long talks. Not good with gracious talks either.” (Risui)
“I don’t mind. I am not a noble or royalty anyways.” (Makoto)
Risui began talking while we walked through the congested city.
“The Empire has begun moving for real now.” (Risui)
“So it seems.” (Makoto)
It doesn’t have anything to do with the school trip and Tsige, so I didn’t pay it much mind, but the hyuman soldiers of the Empire in the Stella Fortress are heading to the north. 
Tomoki seems to be standing at the vanguard as always. 
“The cold has softened a bit after all. They must have taken it as a good opportunity. I have fought against the army as a mage of the demon side. They obviously have already considered the possibility of the hyumans marching north from the Stella Fortress.” (Risui)
“…” 
Is Limia serving as the supply train this time around? 
The damage from the demon invasion was bigger on their side, so maybe Hibiki-senpai took the careful plan.  
Regarding Kaleneon, it seems like our minute setups have worked, they have passed by it without noticing, and the hyuman expedition army is exploring the demon metropolis as they march on. 
If their march continues going well at this pace, they might notice the barrier of Kaleneon at some point in time, but at that time, we have no choice but to have the Aensland sisters do their best. 
But Risui, who seems to be aware of the situation to a certain degree, hasn’t mentioned even the Ka of Kaleneon yet, so I would guess it is fine. 
“If they are still using the snow deep imperial capital, the decisive battle is still further down the line, but if they were to fight on locations with great benefits like the harbours, farms, and the mines…the demons might finally be done for.” (Risui)
Snow deep imperial capital.
The place I went to.
Lord Zef said that he has moved the capital, so that would make it the old imperial capital?
Risui-san glances at me. 
?
It doesn’t seem like she used a spell on me or anything. Is this what you would call sizing one up?
“That’s surprising. You have gone to that city too, Raidou-dono?” (Risui)
“Eh?” (Makoto)
“Aah, I swear I haven’t used any spell or skill. I simply read your expression a bit. You are hiding it well, but for a person like me who has observed the expressions of others the whole time to keep myself alive, you still need to practice more.” (Risui)
“Well, I have been invited there. The ice field was a precious experience.” (Makoto)
“Fufufu, I see. In the current Demon Generals, there’s Io, Rona, Reft, Mokuren, correct?” (Risui)
“Yeah.” (Makoto)
“I was working for a Demon General from one generation before, so I am not that acquainted with the young ones currently on post. I see. It is true that they were people who excelled in ability back then.” (Risui)
Risui was reminiscing and getting nostalgic here.
Previous generation, huh.
Now that she mentions it, I only know those Demon Generals. 
The other ones would be the children of the Demon Lord Zef. 
Do they become drill sergeants, or is it the type where a successor comes when they die?
I want it to be the former one, but I feel like the demons are the latter one. 
“I am surprised you can do a second life like this when you were in the demon lord army that was technically like a suicide squad.” (Makoto)
“Puh, second life, huh. Ahaha, that’s an interesting way of calling it, Raidou-dono.” (Risui)
“I apologize if that was rude.” (Makoto)
“It is not such an extravagant thing. I am simply a slightly problematic escapee. That’s why I am being left alone since I have pulled back to the wasteland. I am a pathetic old woman.” (Risui)
“…”
“Went out of topic there. And so, that’s why I am a bit more knowledgeable about the demon lord army than your average person. You see, the other day, the transmission that they would normally never use again once the Demon Generals change reached me. It is a special one where you have to use a magic tool. It was implemented by my boss when they considered the possibility of the thought transmissions being intercepted.” (Risui)
“Intercepted thought transmissions, huh. You are quite discreet.” (Makoto)
We are doing that though. 
I was surprised too that the demons were also improving on the thought transmissions, but…I see.
It is the result of someone having been worried about it in the long past and having started working on it, huh.
Demons are really a race of steady workers.
I respect them. 
“The gears in that person’s brain were on another level after all. They were more suited for research than practical business which is a shame. But that made their successor Rona be more proficient in using them rather than developing them. She is reliable in her own way, but it is sometimes worrying that she doesn’t care about the means she uses.” (Risui)
“She is loyal to the success of her mission. Doesn’t that make her exemplary as a Demon General?” (Makoto)
“Accomplishing one’s mission is important. But there’s no point if that increases the enemies more. For example; like Larva.” (Risui)
“…It is Shiki.” (Makoto)
“Right, sorry. Shiki-san. He was a pretty problematic person even for us demons, so it just came out.” (Risui)
“Don’t mind it. And so, this matter about the transmission, does it have something to do with me?” (Makoto)
“…Yeah.” (Risui)
Risui-san cuts off her words with a face as if she says she finds it hard to understand this. 
I don’t think Rona does things on just a passing thought. 
I don’t know the reason why she would go through the trouble of using an old transmission method to contact the former soldier Risui-san.
Judging from her way of speaking, Rona and Risui-san seem to be friends. 
“‘I will be going there soon, so tell Raidou’ -she said.” (Risui)
“? Rona went through the trouble of telling you that?” (Makoto)
That’s impossible.
I don’t understand the reason for that. 
She could just do a thought transmission directly to us. 
Also, when exactly is ‘soon’?
It should be impossible. 
She would have to slip through the eyes of the empire army all the way from the demon territory to Tsige, you know?
“To be precise….she said: ‘I will be going to your place soon. I am going to kill Raidou, so call him’.” (Risui)
“????”
By ‘your place’, does she mean Risui-san’s?
And?
That Rona?
In a situation where the empire is going to attack the demons? 
Against me who she knows she has no chance of winning against? 
Has called me and is going to come to kill me?
“Uhm… Maybe there’s some sort of mistake in that transmission?” (Makoto)
“I want to believe that too, but there’s no mistake. Honestly speaking, I am probably more confused than you are in all of this, but that really is what the Demon General Rona said in her transmission.” (Risui)
“Well, uhm…” (Makoto)
“?” 
“I understand that was of utmost importance. And so, would the place she is calling me to be around Ringa?” (Makoto)
“…Y-Yeah, that’s right.” (Risui)
“Haah, it is definitely going to be trouble. I know that plenty well. Just what is Rona thinking? If it is a stupid surprise, I am going to show her a bit of pain.” (Makoto)
Is it a prank? 
A scheme of some sort? 
The hero is rampaging in the demon lord territory, and Rona is coming to kill me, huh.
Whatever it is, even if the school trip is over, it looks like there’s still one more job left till I can take a break. 
Previous Chapter l Next Chapter
Support my translations or commission me to translate a chapter of any series on Patreon!Share this:FacebookXLike this:Like Loading... 